Run benchmark directly using agent locator (#1846)
huawei-noah/SMARTS: docs/benchmarks/benchmark.rst

.. _benchmark:

Instructions
============

Run a benchmark
---------------

| Run a particular benchmark by executing 
| ``scl benchmark run <benchmark_name>==<benchmark_version> <agent_locator> --auto-install`` 

> The ``--auto-install`` flag is optional and is only
> needed once at the start to install the benchmark's dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``--auto-install`` flag is optional and is only needed for the
first time the benchmark is run to install the benchmark's dependencies.
```

Author: Changed as suggested.
